okay I'm here with a Neil Neil Zeno and
vertigo from FME sports or fm
Group A at ESWC 2013 day Pete ends these
sports 16 to 9 and then obviously lost
when I pee and then beat agent so you're
not through a second in your group tell
us about how it all looks familiar
sector when we were coming into it we
were pretty confident but obviously with
frost pill no we weren't sure here we
were going to play so that was a bit of
swag just building up there because we
had no idea we were going to play until
we're actually got here so when we found
out it was the finish guys we were quite
happy because obviously Dalek we were
talking and the people we thought met
came with they've been Universal
soldiers partial and stuff we really
didn't want to play them really good
team and say I'm a really confident when
missing who were open and we just put
her on game and we came through and
talked so I was good
you play the new twice and Inferno once
and the other teams new group also play
those maps do you think that the new
valve Maps made may things kind of
difficult for teams I don't know I kind
of like the new valve maps to be honest
and things like in pheromone stuff are
really good it's really good the only
one that I don't like from valve is the
Mirage one but I think it's a lot easier
when you get to tournaments in stuff and
you just put the valve maps because
every term I've been to like the maps
don't download and that sort of stuff so
you have to end up down within the SE
versions and all that stuff again I
think it's definitely the way forward in
the normal Maps but yeah some teams are
having difficulty but most of them were
getting a lot better I mean the only
problem we had was the chickens run away
on inferno with kids on and stuff so
that was a bit distracting but yeah
apart from my this way
and now the Vertigo tell us this how you
actually prepare to this term and how
much have you put in well we've been
together for
good a few months now and we've played
and played a series to go we won that
and since then we've been playing near
enough solid bar a couple of weeks we've
been playing there enough solid since
then to get everything thrilled to get
everything how we want it to be so we
prepared and all the maps that we could
possibly play and it's working obviously
so far aside from the hip hop against in
it but hopefully we can improve on that
I'm sorry they play a better game
so as you mentioned nipper we're pretty
strong against you and overall in your
group so but they recently lost the very
games and in Germany so where do you see
them ending up this time I wouldn't be
surprised if nip were to win it if I'm
honest they're they're not the sort team
to give up and let Barry game sailing up
once more plays they've lost a couple of
its to them now and I wouldn't be
surprised if they came back and just
wipe the floor very empowered to about
their number one blood spot
so who do you expect to meet in the
playoffs what who do you want to avoid
and it's gonna be a random draw so it
can't be knit but it can be anyone else
I'll decide domains
apart from very against a domain point
everyone else I don't fear any other he
made some big headed and like yeah we
didn't do well against net but will be
prepared over the weekend and whoever we
play they will be happy to put you can't
comes an event like this and try and
avoid all the good teams in every one-f
let's say one I'm not sure he's going to
finish I'll be from our first season so
probably the fnatic or something like I
would like to be a fanatic I'd like to
put us down as well I've always want to
play against a Cylons or as weapons
we don't see you guys often in online
competitions is there any particular
reason for that more recently it's
because we only like we have been
together a couple of months but by the
time all the like so for example DMS we
miss all the group stage of VMs because
we didn't have a team then so by the
time we formed everything was already
over obviously we can't you can't get
into you can't get into anything online
if you don't play so this kind of made a
hard for us but hopefully if we come to
come here and do well then we can start
getting into ESEA and fighting software
playing the intermediate I think we're
top of that just know so we'll just keep
putting that and we'll play the next EMS
when it comes up but it's just purely
because it's just bad timing that's all
the reason we went online that much
and obviously this year all roads lead
to Dreamhack winter what it what are
your plans for that we'd love to go
bring qualify or gain by it however it
works by it's only 16 teams I don't know
if we'd go to the BYOC I don't think we
go to that size whether we do win these
on online qualifiers which have been
announced yet even though it's a month
away
so we have to see how it goes but I'd
love to go miss D tournament to be a the
biggest CS go to him ever
so anything else you guys want to say
shout out the sponsors and we assign
co-sponsors so Safari and the ways are
especially and thanks to twitch and
software supporters also big thanks to
darn yeah our manager has been awesome
and prayer as well and thanks to you
guys we got one wheel okay thank you
guys